have you been a good little boy
Oh what do you want for christmas
believe in for Christmas
see what I can do for you buddy who's
next
James like Oh what's your name buddy
James have you been a good boy this year
another dog then see what I can lose
buddy the bad little good boy
what's your name buddy Nathan yes have
you been good this year just a little
naughty tonight huh what are you in for
cooking
what Bigley
all righty I'll see what I can do for
you buddy havock have to look under your
under your tree honey
what's your name little girl ever give
I'm not gonna go girl this year what do
you want for christmas don't ya see what
I can do for you Marcus if you have you
been a good boy this year
love Sam c'mere marques command where
you get that dog hey Marcus what is it
away so me Barry
Jada's to 300 what do you say Jameer all
right ain't paper Jaden and Abby's paper
over here and get me some dinner
Shelly Randy listen to your woman yeah
man that is annoying I throw it on you
yeah pass it around
it is probably not somebody else nothing
what'd you say my girl
I guess it's just an eighth insanity
I'll find something for you little lady
mr. Hart Thank You magic
My dear trash trash trash and Eddie a
birth you're crowning
that's the same woman come on phone
Jameer from this is to Jamir and put me
together for mommy where's Logan
from Duncan
uncle Justin they keep driving a toy so
they go which is red know putting my
papa's good three-setter fog yeah now to
send a cloth to Logan's from gum all
married to Logan from gentle Mary King
Bell each now our lobby from dr. Lawson
how long does it
oh wow